Maybe it's because I'm a writer first and a runner second, but I didn't like it. I have never read it, so I cannot comment. Agree, thought it was awful. I agree. Didnt care for it at all. I think Im the only runner to read it and think it sucked.Thought the story was weak, the charaters were flat and stock.I always thought it read like a (bad) made for tv movie or after school special. Started it but couldn't finish it --  not enough sex, gunplay, and car chases for me.  Boooooring! The book is a better book than the author is a human. I liked it but agree that the writing was not very good. The writing was too dramatic for the scenes described. So So It is one of the only "runner books" so that's why it became more popular among runners. Agree that it is badly written and the characters are bad, etc. Many good runners I know did not like the book. It is a bit like Pre, some of your JV/new runners are the ones who overrate it. Tried it but could not go on, the writing is awful. one thing that struck me is the carbo-loading before the race.  really?  for a mile? i also started and thought it was lame so didnt finish. i remember other runners telling me about the 60x 400 workout or whtever he does. they speak like its amazing. i just thought it sounded like the most retarded thing ever. to me it symbolizes  a lot of the stupidity in american running circles... overtraining that forgets about the end goal, and over romanticization/myth shrouding of elite runners and the ability to race at the top. Jesus people,It's a work of fiction, take it for what it is. It's a novel that revolves around running. I'm glad it was written and I thought it read just fine.Of course I'm cool like that, but that is a whole other thread. I also tried reading it several times, but got bored and never finished it. Maybe I'll try again. I'd guess most people who don't like it are those who aren't into competition or even just running hard. My impression of Parker, having met him, is of a self-absorbed prick. Having enjoyed "OAR," I was disappointed. Heard mixed reviews about "Again to Carthage." Would like to think John had grown up by the time he wrote it, but didn't feel confident enough to give him any more of my money. the first page makes fun of joggers... "doing their 90 seconds quarters !"WTF Non-fiction running books are better thean OAR or Again to Carthage.The semi-fictional chapter about the 64 Olympic Trials in "Cold Clear Day" (The Buddy Edelen Bio) is one of the best pieces of running writing. ouch ... too.  There was a singer, Peggy Lee, who popularized a song entitled "Is that All There Is?" in late 60s early 70s.  That's where I landed shortly after I started it.  And once I landed I didn't unland ... Pain is a much better read. Read is a verb, not a noun. nounsomething that is read: Her new novel is a wonderful read.silly kids what are they hitting in that 60x400 workout? consistent 1:40s? Red Glare wrote:I'd guess most people who don't like it are those who aren't into competition or even just running hard.I've qualified for the Olympic Marathon Trials twice, so I don't believe this statement is true. Read The Self Made Olympian about Ron Daws, true story. Yeah, well I ran in the Olympics.  SMO is a nice little story, but even more outdated than OAR. imim wrote:Pain is a much better read.After reading OAR, and thinking it was an awful waste of my time a friend said I should read Pain. So I did. I have now sworn to never read a running fiction book ever again. On the other hand, Kenny Moore is a fantastic writer. Men of Oregon is one the best non-fiction books I have ever read of any genre. Red Glare wrote:Yeah, well I ran in the Olympics.  SMO is a nice little story, but even more outdated than OAR.Outdated? If that's how you see it, Bill Rodger's book is "outdated" too. also agree wrote:Red Glare wrote:Yeah, well I ran in the Olympics.  SMO is a nice little story, but even more outdated than OAR.Outdated? If that's how you see it, Bill Rodger's book is "outdated" too.Given that you see fit to compare fiction with nonfiction, why not? Whether you do or don't like 'Once a Runner,' check out an extensive interview at   http://www.garycohenrunning.co...arker.aspx that I did with John L. Parker, Jr.  He discusses his books, but also we go into detail about his own running at the University of Florida and Orlando Edgewater High School, being coached by Jack Bacheler and many, many things that really haven't been touched on in any interviews he's done.  Enjoy! ITS THE GREATEST BOOK OF ALL TIME! Red Glare wrote:I'd guess most people who don't like it are those who aren't into competition or even just running hard.+1 I liked OAR, but Again to Carthage had many sections that were beyond atrocious. Agree. I couldn't finish it either, awful.I just saw it at Costco yesterday though. So a good place to go to buy it cheap if you want to check it out... I can see why people don't like it, but then, I love it and Again to Carthage, too.I started running in 1971 as a 12 year old and lived and ran through the era in which the books were written- which may be why I love them so much, I identify with the stories of training runs, jumping trains, doing crazy things, eating lots of food, etc. Some of the runners could well be some of my running buddies.I agree that the beginning of ATC goes on too long before he gets into training and I thought the trials race was a bit over done with the bloody feet and all. How much you want to bet, that half the posts on this thread are from the same person. runnerryan wrote:I liked OAR, but Again to Carthage had many sections that were beyond atrocious.Agreed. OAR is a nice read, but not overly well written. However, the story is entertaining enough to get by that. Again to Carthage, however, was painful in spots. I hated the book.  being female, I hated how Quinton's GF was a big whinny bitch who didnt want him to run- didnt understand running.  Total opposite from me so i felt that aspect of the book was sexist. its not sexist, its the seventies.  running was a foreign sport barely gaining popularity... and if you recall, she did become a doctor (90% certain, if not she was a nurse) in again to carthage. It has some endearing moments ruined by tacky details like Quentin's heartbeat shaking the bed or the 60 quarter workout that is so impossible that its more comical than inspiring. sexual predators and communists notafan wrote:It has some endearing moments ruined by tacky details like Quentin's heartbeat shaking the bed or the 60 quarter workout that is so impossible that its more comical than inspiring.Um, my heartbeat has shaken chairs I have been sitting in and beds I have been laying in. I've never read it. why bother to comment if you never read the book - this really makes a lot of sense. To quote many other running readers - the best book (fiction) about running ever - period. any (purported) writer / runner who criticizes OAR must only wish they could ever write such a book - for those of have not read itI would at least suggest chapter 32 "The interval workout" and chapter 17 "breaking down". I didn't care for it and a few of my HS seniors read it and didn't like it.  Maybe its dated. I saw a review which compared Once A Runner to a newer book - Juggernauts -The Making of a Runner and a Team in the First American Running Boom.  Anybody read that? I agree PAIN by 28:04 man Dan Middleman, is a very good novel! imim wrote:Pain is a much better read. I didn't like it very much. I got about half way through and just couldn't read anymore.  Way too dramatic.  The author described Quentin Cassidy as if he were some mythical god. It read like a desperate attempt at shaking the stereotype that distance runners are nerdy and awkward. I would have preferred a book about a runner who was basically a socially retarded nerd that rose above his dorkdom to do something remarkable.  At least that book would have been more real and easy to relate to.  Runners are arrogant enough as it is.  No need to give them this gladiator of a character to further their delusion that they are bad asses because they can run a little faster than other people. There is such a thing as taking yourself too seriously. I see you are also  waiting for "Sub 4: The Eddy Lee story"i kinda like running wrote:I didn't like it very much. I got about half way through and just couldn't read anymore.  Way too dramatic.  The author described Quentin Cassidy as if he were some mythical god. It read like a desperate attempt at shaking the stereotype that distance runners are nerdy and awkward. I would have preferred a book about a runner who was basically a socially retarded nerd that rose above his dorkdom to do something remarkable.  At least that book would have been more real and easy to relate to.  Runners are arrogant enough as it is.  No need to give them this gladiator of a character to further their delusion that they are bad asses because they can run a little faster than other people. There is such a thing as taking yourself too seriously. the 1970's is considered the "running boom"  Mary Decker was a pretty big star back then too. I just feel the novel is sexist, if youre not a women you probably dont understand.   I'll agree it is out dated and i'll add that i hated the cheerleader/dependant/woman on the side charactor his gf played. adsfas wrote:I see you are also  waiting for "Sub 4: The Eddy Lee story"i kinda like running wrote:I didn't like it very much. I got about half way through and just couldn't read anymore.  Way too dramatic.  The author described Quentin Cassidy as if he were some mythical god. It read like a desperate attempt at shaking the stereotype that distance runners are nerdy and awkward. I would have preferred a book about a runner who was basically a socially retarded nerd that rose above his dorkdom to do something remarkable.  At least that book would have been more real and easy to relate to.  Runners are arrogant enough as it is.  No need to give them this gladiator of a character to further their delusion that they are bad asses because they can run a little faster than other people. There is such a thing as taking yourself too seriously.Actually, yeah.  I don't know if Eddy Lee is a "socially retarded nerd", but his story was more enjoyable than Quentin Cassidy's and I would read that book if it was well written. my guess is that the book will have much different impression if read prior to the internet boom or after, and if growing up in a smaller town or a big city.having grown up in a smaller town, lived in the 70's, 80's and 90's and been a competitive runner I liked a lot of it.  then again I also had a knack for going the extra mile in training and driving to the mountains for runs and even going camping just to get great hard spiritual runs in.i don't think an 20 Y.O. cityboy in todays era would get as much out of it with all the stories and video content available at any moment online. If pure human excrement could be turned into a book the result would be Once a Runner. Man, people love to trash this book on here. I really enjoyed reading it.  I thought it was awesome when I read it as a college sophomore.  All my teammates that read it really liked it too.   I think all college level runners would at least enjoy it.  It was motivating to me.  Someone criticized the romanticizing of running it does.  I enjoyed reading a romanticized running tale.  Most writing on running is too dry anyway. I think if I had read it when I was in HS or even early in college I might have LOVED it.Instead I was in my 30's.For some reason when I read it I kept thinking about that old 70's era tv movie "Breaking Away".  It's about the Little 500 bike race. ronner wrote:Man, people love to trash this book on here. I really enjoyed reading it.  I thought it was awesome when I read it as a college sophomore.  All my teammates that read it really liked it too.   I think all college level runners would at least enjoy it.  It was motivating to me.  Someone criticized the romanticizing of running it does.  I enjoyed reading a romanticized running tale.  Most writing on running is too dry anyway.I don't mind a little romanticism. But the author of OAR takes it to an eye-roll inducing level at almost every turn. It's like the Twilight of running books. Yeah, the same people who 'hate Pre'.  Most are bitter youngsters that are sorry they missed the golden age of distance running in the US and are sick of hearing about it from us old guys. stanslo wrote:I hated the book.  being female, I hated how Quinton's GF was a big whinny bitch who didnt want him to run- didnt understand running.  Total opposite from me so i felt that aspect of the book was sexist.It wasn't sexist. She tried to understand Quenton, but in the end they had different priorities. "Twilight of running books"- EXACTLY.best summary i've seen so far. Following the Flame.  Far superior.  Less poetic, better tale. I liked it.  But I like silly happy stories like that.  I don't see it as a serious piece of literature, but a fun piece of junk writing that can be pretty inspiring.  It's like watching a really crappy silly movie that you can't help but love.  Kinda like a chick flick. I bet it would have made a great short story if he'd cut out ~80% of the book.  The race, for example, was very well done IMHO.  At least when I was a kid reading that sent shivers up my spine like I was actually running off Cassidy's shoulder.  But the Nubbins trial, the "visiting Finn" charade, and the whole romantic subplot were just campy fluff that was frankly painful to read.  And unfortunately Again to Carthage had an even more dismal ratio. just finish this book actually. it was so so. I had really high expectation for this book because of the reviews and word of mouth i heard about this. But it wasnt exactly as i expected. I enjoyed duel in the sun and running with the buffaloes so much more. This book had a bit of catcher in the rye mix with some running, it was good coming of age novel, but doesn't seem to have that extra umph to seal the deal. First half kind of sucked, second half I really liked. I'm about halfway through ATC and if I didn't know any better I'd swear the book is about fishing. Just absolutely brutal. The writing really isn't very good in either but I was able to look past it in OAR when it was at least about running, but I'm really cringing reading ATC. Inspiron wrote:Maybe it's because I'm a writer first and a runner second, but I didn't like it.I'm just floored that it was written by the same guy who wrote the Ghostbusters song -- what range! Swoosh13 wrote:First half kind of sucked, second half I really liked. I'm about halfway through ATC and if I didn't know any better I'd swear the book is about fishing. Just absolutely brutal. The writing really isn't very good in either but I was able to look past it in OAR when it was at least about running, but I'm really cringing reading ATC.The longer it went on, the more I cringed. I think of OAR as being written in the voice of a very young man who is exuberant and full of himself, not entirely undeservedly. It expresses how a passionate college aged young man FEELS about running and the work he puts into it. For example, 'Running to him was real; the way he did it the realest thing he knew. It was all joy and woe, hard as a diamond'. I don't think that's great writing on its own, but it's how a precocious college student might express himself.And I think of ATC as being written in the voice of an entitled trust funder who returns to running because he's bored of life in the yacht club and because he's so naturally good he can pick up where he left off, and he can afford to do all this because nepotism guarantees he can leave and return to his job at will, just as nepotism got him his job in the first place. Quenton Cassidy is the 1%. The races parts were superb, but the rest was kind of boring. The writing style said, "LOOK AT THESE WORDS, LOOK AT THEM" to my face. Never did finish it. I'll tell ya what was bad. Life At These Speeds! stupidest running book ever written. And I'm pretty sure it was the authors fantasy of being an amazingly talented runner and getting every girl! DUMB! OAR is comparable to a Harlequinn (sp?) Romance novel.  Easy to read, harmless beach drivel.  You enjoy it, but would never admit it to anyone with a brain.   Now the good part, I heard about the book here @ LR, had to special order it at Borders and I paid a small premium to get an out of circulation used book.  Paid about $20.  Sold it about 5 years ago on ebay to somebody (possibly a woman who wanted to buy for a running boyfriend) for around $250.  For that reason I love that book. I couldn't stand how arrogant the main character was (but I'm a girl and we are very turned off by personalities like that). I forced myself to read at least 25% of it but I could not finish it. Waste of money. Peace Out wrote:I couldn't stand how arrogant the main character was (but I'm a girl and we are very turned off by personalities like that). I forced myself to read at least 25% of it but I could not finish it. Waste of money.Your mind says you don't like it, but your body will say a completely different thing. Seriously, girls subconsciously love arrogant jerks and don't even know it Red Glare wrote:I'd guess most people who don't like it are those who aren't into competition or even just running hard.I think you got it. You have to be a serious runner. It would help to have lived through that era, too.Excellent book, I've read and re-read it, but I guess I'm not a writer first (ha ha, that was a good one). sure there wrote:Seriously, girls subconsciously love arrogant jerks and don't even know itMan speaks the truth.As for the novel, I liked it the first time I read it (9th grade), but when I re-read it recently (12th grade) I couldn't stand it.  The characters are so arrogant, and Cassidy's pitiful attempts at humor disgust me.  If I met someone like him, I'd have trouble keeping myself from punching him in the face.  And then I would have to live in waking fear of his courtroom-themed vengeance. Read it as a high schooler and loved it, thought it was inspiring and one of the best books I'd ever read. I'm  almost 30 and now recognize the poor writing but will always have a soft spot for and a bit of a crush on Quenton Cassidy (I'm a woman, obviously). I have a well worn copy that I still reread every now and then. Ii agree with most people here that it isn't a brilliant book.  One of the smartest guys I know once pointed out that the chapter "24 in the rain" (or something like that) would be a very good short story if left on its own.  Try reading it alone-- he's totally right!  The biggest problem with the book might be the author demanding too much control of your views of the characters.  And he ends up making them all cliches.  I think it would be better if he'd let the story breathe a little, you know? I first read OAR in high school.  I loved it.  I'm pushing thirty now and still love it.  I read ATC when it came out and loved parts of it. I actually really liked OAR, but found the characters of Chasing Ghosts more likable and relatable. TRex wrote:Following the Flame.  Far superior.  Less poetic, better tale.Following the Flame is a great book, I loved it. The ending was way too corny, but other than that great.I also loved Once a Runner though. I read it in high school and it's always been my favorite book since then. I haven't read the whole thing since hs though (I've only read over some of my favorite chapters). Maybe I would have a different opinion as a 24 year old than I did as a 16 or 17 year old, but I doubt it.Based on these comments, I think the people who don't like Once a Runner are the same people who don't like action movies because there's no complex story line or they're not intellectually stimulating. For me, sometimes I like to just watch Bruce Willis kill people and blow shit up and I'm fine with that.I didn't really like Again To Carthage though. Parts of it were ok, but so much of it was just boring as hell. I personally am a "Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner" guy never really understood the hype over this book.Found it very boring and unrealistic I like OAR so much, I think I'll start reading it again today! I have OaR and AtC on my Nook and as audiobooks. OaR is good to fall asleep to. AtC needs a highly abridged version. So much of that book is a waste.It's interesting when Bruce tells Quenton that he might be bi-polar, but it is not interesting that Quenton was on a boating trip to the islands. I thought it was pure crap. Maybe I need to read it again, but not holding out hopes of changing my mind. Magic 8 Ball wrote:I thought it was pure crap. Maybe I need to read it again, but not holding out hopes of changing my mind.I tried to read it once and then failed to finish. I then tried a swing at it again and did read it cover to cover... And it was a complete waste of my TIME! I was so pumped before reading it both times, Runner's World adores it, a camp director considered it a must read, and I always see on forums how "great" it is. However the only great parts were 2 chapters and finishing it. If it wasn't for the interval chapter and the final one it would be the mostly poorly written and boring book I ever read. Seroiusly how can care for any charecters except the Elitest Quinten and the annoying Denton. The female charecters are sterotypes with poor diolouge, the rivals are stupider than the author, and some of the plot points have no point being there (like the woods, really?). If you want a good running book read Born To Run, which makes John L. Parker Jr.'s writing seems like a middle schooler's. Plus it's mostly fiction anyway. Andrew A. wrote:notafan wrote:It has some endearing moments ruined by tacky details like Quentin's heartbeat shaking the bed or the 60 quarter workout that is so impossible that its more comical than inspiring.Um, my heartbeat has shaken chairs I have been sitting in and beds I have been laying in.I've had my headboard rattle from my heartbeat in bed.  I had instant flashbacks to OAR when I noticed what was happening. I liked both of them. I also enjoyed Trail Runner Gary's interview with John L. Parker on his website. He sounds like a guy you would want to get a beer with and talk about running back in the day. After reading Once a Runner, I developed a fetish for gimps on Portapits. My HS coach considered it a must read. Pure rubbish. But its kinda of like required reading if your a runner. Someone in the group is eventually going to make a reference to it. Its like the Prefontiane movies. Running with the Buffaloes is much better because it closer to reality than OAR or the Pre crap. fgfg wrote:the first page makes fun of joggers... "doing their 90 seconds quarters !"WTFDude, that's the marathon pace of a lot of people on the board here.  Joggers indeed. I probably write more than you do and I loved it. And its sequel. Mrr82 wrote:How much you want to bet, that half the posts on this thread are from the same person.Yes and it's prolly the OP- I can't stand those snob types- I'm a writer first.Yeah right. I enjoyed it. I  liked the purple runner better.  Purple runner I couldn't put down. OAR had some really boring parts in it. I skim read those parts. Overall, a great book. I'm a writer and former runner. Read it years ago as I try to read all books on running. I don't understand it's popularity. I found it rather juvenile. Best running book was Peter Snell's: "No Bugles; No Drums," which unfortunately is now out of print. Packin Heat--Do what you feel is comfortable.  If you want to wear a fanny pack on training runs (or even during a 5k), do it.  MANY runners do it.  The responses you're getting here are from a very small percentage of the running community.  Most people wouldn't even think twice about a fanny-pack wielding runner.  Although GU, hard candy, napkins, etc. are all pretty unnecessary for a 5k, some people do like to have them on long training runs.  I would think that a water bottle of sorts may weigh you down, but again, whatever is comfortable for you. Go with a backpack or suitcase, just to be sure. A fanny pack is not sufficient for a race as grueling as the 5K.  Completing the distance will be very difficult unless you can convince your family members to stand at various points along the course to provide fluids and fuel (food).  I would suggest covering the course on a bike to mark the .5 mile, 1 mile, 1.5 mile, 2 mile, 2.5 mile, and 3 mile (yes, even the third mile you will need SOMEONE).  If you cannot convince family members, then definitely pay someone.As a very bad second alternative, you could carry a pack, but only a backpack will do.  Make SURE you pack at least 50 ounces of gatoraid per mile (this will vary depending on the length of the 5K that you will be running).Most importantly, please keep us posted on your success or failure.  Not many have crossed the barrier you are seeking to cross. You most definitely need a Camelbak and a metal frame backpack to carry your tent and camp stove if you don't cross the finish by nightfall. No, soldier, what you need is the Berkeley Lower Extremities Exoskeleton (BLEEX). It enables you to move a very heavy combat load for hours while feeling as if you are only carrying five pounds. This should help you on your mission to...WHAT?! RUN A 5K?! YOU'VE GOTTA BE SHITTIN' ME PRIVATE! DROP AND GIVE ME 50 FOR SUCH A STUPID QUESTION!Oh? You were kidding? Don't worry, son, Sarge has a sense of humor too. Take this toothbrush and soap, and make the toilet in the latrine clean enough so that I could eat off of it...because I intend to. Don't forget to carry $500 in cash in case you die and they have to bury you. This is some funny shit.  I'm actually glad I read this post.And, I can't believe I forgot to mention the tent in case you don't cross the finish line by nightfall.  I mean, DUH! Does anyone know where I can get a good fanny pack to run in?  A light running one?  Does Webb use one? You can get those great black leather fanny packs at your local travel store.  Try to find a store with lots of public television gear.  Make sure your fanny pack has at least 5 pockets. I like the leather ones because after the race the fanny pack works great at a classy restaurant like Chilli's. Fill your Camelbak with either pancake syrup or a 90% sugar solution. This will ensure you enough energy to finish. I think fanny packs a re a very functional tool to use in the running racing experience.  I wont race without mine. Add "Power Bar" and vaseline to the list.  Eat the PB immediately after the race (2-3 GU's during!!)  so you have enough energy to get to the car.  Bust out the vaseline if you start to get a crotch chafe or nipple chafe anytime during your 35-minute 5k.Seriously guys, he was clearly kidding.  Shame on those who responded seriously. Packin Heat--I say wear the damn fanny pack if thats what you feel comfortable doing!  I see many people running with and there is nothing wrong with them.  I don't wear them, but if its important to your success then do it.  Most of the responders on here are A$$holes and never have a nice thing to say about anyone or anything.  Don't let them get to you, just do what feels right FOR YOU. There is just no way this person wasn't kidding.  Did you read about his cell phone and speedo shorts?  I agree that letsrun posters can be unfair or rude at times, but there is no way this guy or gal isn't joking.  Just no way. last time i checked, swimming shorts were not the same as speedos.  dude, stay away from me on the beach if you think they are. Dude, I'm not a dude.  I'm a chick, K?  And a former competitive swimmer, so when I think swimming shorts, I think speedos.  If I had it wrong, then I apologize.  Still there is no way this guy or gal was serious.  Just no way.  A cell phone??  Please.  There isn't anyone that far removed from reality. Packin,Do not let these fools tease you with their siren songs. Many a man has tried to break through the 5K barrier only to meet his perilous and ultimately, ugly demise. There lurks many dangers in the vast wilderness of suburbia. None more terrifying than the hulk and bastard child of Henry Ford...the Expedition. Many a runner has met their end under the tires of this 2 ton beast of steel and pure American Horsepower. Also, you will face many beasts of Providence's own creation. Such beasts like collie or labrador retriever should be avoided if you wish to survive your journey.A fanny pack will not suffice my brave friend. No, you will need a BLEEX, topo map of the area, emergency flairs, a Winchester .360 and side arm, preferably a Colt .45 to ward of beasts that reside in cookie cutter developments. Remember you will need to consume at least a gallon of Gatorade every half mile. In addition, make sure to pack a portable GPS unit, camp stove and tent.Finally, try to make camp at the 3-4k area by the end of day one. Many times the last 1k is a brutal ascent. If you accomplish this mighty task you will take your place next to Sir Edmund Hilary in the anals of extreme adventure. May God Have Mercy on You SirGram Parsons Biatch How dare you suggest that he run the entire 5K in his VERY FIRST attempt?!  Are you nuts or something??Packin, seriously, you need to take this one step at a time.  Start by running MAYBE 1K if you are feeling strong.  Then just drop out of the race.  You don't want to kill yourself in your first effort.  These people are giving VERY DANGEROUS advice.  Don't listen to them.  I think you should try to build on each previous effort, perhaps .5 to 1 K more during each race.  You will have to pay more entry fees, but you could quite possibly be saving your own life.I cannot believe that anyone would even suggest that you tackle the entire distance in your first attempt.  That's why this place totally sucks.  A bunch of losers are trying to hurt the newbies by giving bad advice. Cigarettes, Tampons, Condoms. hehehe silly people So I have read all the comments and have come to a few conclusions.  1st. It might be dorky to run with a fanny pack but I can do it if I want, though some people might think its  odd.  2nd. I don't need all that stuff for a 5k.  3rd. I should buy running shorts with a little pocket in them and not run in my old swim suit (not a speedo, I am not that dorky). Well, if any of you guys ever come to the uk, try a fell race... you will see many runners with fanny packs (we call them bum bags here, a fanny is something different). Snobbish about your running as you may be, I can guarantee there will be at least one (put possibly 20/30) guys with a fanny pack in front of you.I use mine in training; I sometimes carry a camera in it; sometimes waterproofs, energy bars, a whistle, and occasionally a map and compass). Basically, they're the best way to carry what you need to make your running safe and enjoyable.And I am sorry, if you are a first time 5K runner, and worried about dropping out, not having money on you, or you want a drink during your race, then by all means carry a fanny pack.  If any snotty track runner makes a remark to you about it, advise them to broaden their horizons, & come and race abroad on the fells. They're in for a big ego bruise! what's a fell race? There actually are rules for this:If you are an elite runner (you can average under 6:30 per mile for a 5k), then you should not wear the fanny pack.  However anything over 6:30/mile and feel free.  Also, if you are going to compete in a track event, (the half mile or 440), and are wearing cleats, then you should refrain from the fanny pack.... Are there rules about wearing swim suits (speedos or otherwise) in a 5 k?Surprise! wrote:There actually are rules for this:If you are an elite runner (you can average under 6:30 per mile for a 5k), then you should not wear the fanny pack.  However anything over 6:30/mile and feel free.  Also, if you are going to compete in a track event, (the half mile or 440), and are wearing cleats, then you should refrain from the fanny pack.... Yes, of course.  If you are male, you should never, under any circumstances wear a speedo for anything except competitive swimming.  There are no exceptions.If you are female, you should wear as little as possible at all times. You guys are way too pretentious about your running, and way too far up your own arses... I was once beat by a guy in basketball shorts and pegasus... turned out he was a 2H12 marathon runner. In Britain a couple of years ago two guys ran a 1H12 half marathon in a pantomime horse costume. Bet they would have taken most of you... Time you eat some humble pie, and I sincerely hope sometimes soon a guy wearing a fanny pack beats you in one of your poncy small-time races. Erko wrote:You guys are way too pretentious about your running, and way too far up your own arses... I was once beat by a guy in basketball shorts and pegasus... turned out he was a 2H12 marathon runner. In Britain a couple of years ago two guys ran a 1H12 half marathon in a pantomime horse costume. Bet they would have taken most of you... Time you eat some humble pie, and I sincerely hope sometimes soon a guy wearing a fanny pack beats you in one of your poncy small-time races.But I haven't even gotten to the rules about listening to music when running or stopping during a run to give someone directions.... I was once beat in an 8 mile race by a guy pushing a kid in a running stroller.  We ran together for the 1st mile or 2 then he took off and I finished far behind him.  I felt kinda dumb cuz when we ran together I made a joke about whether he had the kid pay the entry fee as well.  To make matters worse the race was on a trail made up of crushed limestone.  I ran about a 6:45 pace as well.  SW Thanks, and when you get a chance can you please post the rules about when to wear a condom? Surprise! wrote:Yes, of course.  If you are male, you should never, under any circumstances wear a speedo for anything except competitive swimming.  There are no exceptions.If you are female, you should wear as little as possible at all times. Well, I'm a 2H24 marathon runner (69mins half), and I do listen to music when running, and I would give someone directions. I do occasionally wear a fanny pack, and I've also worn basketball shorts, and I don't f***ing give a toss about what you prepubescent highschool teengaers think.I'm afraid you've completely missed on what running is all about, and you are nothing short of a disgrace to the sport.Stick your expensive trainers up your arses, and go and take up golf or something... Sure, go ahead, wear it. This is by far the funiest post I've ever read on any forum anywhere. Don't forget your hydration pack, digital camara, spare batteries and memory card. Erko wrote:Well, I'm a 2H24 marathon runner (69mins half), and I do listen to music when running, and I would give someone directions. I do occasionally wear a fanny pack, and I've also worn basketball shorts, and I don't f***ing give a toss about what you prepubescent highschool teengaers think.I'm afraid you've completely missed on what running is all about, and you are nothing short of a disgrace to the sport.Stick your expensive trainers up your arses, and go and take up golf or something...Pay no attention, most of these kids will be fat beer slobs by the time they're thirty, and probably still playing on their x-boxes or what have you... Commited runners would wear a fanny pack, 'cause they probably pick up the shopping on their way back home from their run. Joe,Firstly the disclamer: I'm an Aussie, the races are modified there. Fell racing started in Scotland. It is a type of X/C. The courses are set over topography that takes you over hills and mountains (fells). They have a bunch of these races in the UK. The history goes back a long way. It could be seen as the precursor to mountain running championships.Its a great tradition.They have multi day races in Australia. One summit per day.I'm sure my English convict masters will fill you in more when they wake up.Barry in San Diego somewhere to keep your playboy(and your fags if you smoke) Barry wrote:Joe,Firstly the disclamer: I'm an Aussie, the races are modified there. Fell racing started in Scotland. It is a type of X/C. The courses are set over topography that takes you over hills and mountains (fells). They have a bunch of these races in the UK. The history goes back a long way. It could be seen as the precursor to mountain running championships.Its a great tradition.They have multi day races in Australia. One summit per day.I'm sure my English convict masters will fill you in more when they wake up.Barry in San DiegoWhat does this have to do with the original question?I'm thinking nothing. Erko wrote:Well, I'm a 2H24 marathon runner (69mins half), and I do listen to music when running, and I would give someone directions. I do occasionally wear a fanny pack, and I've also worn basketball shorts, and I don't f***ing give a toss about what you prepubescent highschool teengaers think.I'm afraid you've completely missed on what running is all about, and you are nothing short of a disgrace to the sport.Stick your expensive trainers up your arses, and go and take up golf or something...Wow, you're really fast.  I'm sorry that I'm a disgrace to the sport.  I was merely explaining that the super-elite like yourself typically wouldn't wear a fanny pack during a 5k race. Condom use rules:1. If the girl is unattractive, always wear a condom.2. If the girl is really attractive yet slutty, wear a condom.3. If you are feeling pressure from your religious orginization to abstain from sex until marriage, wear a condom.  That way, they can never find out unless the women says something.  Then, just call her a whore and she'll eventually go away.4. If you are having sex with a prostitute, wear a condom.  She'll most likely make you anyway.  Under no circumstances should you rip off said condom during intercourse. How many condoms will fit in a fanny pack? Around 102.Be careful however, you don't want to use more than 7 condoms during any one long run.  If you are super-elite, and thus don't wear a fanny pack, a few condoms can be neatly tucked into the waistband of your shorts.  If they fall out, remember, you're super-elite...just let them go.... I was bored, but this is truly the funniest thing I've read in awhile. Surprise! wrote:Erko wrote:Well, I'm a 2H24 marathon runner (69mins half), and I do listen to music when running, and I would give someone directions. I do occasionally wear a fanny pack, and I've also worn basketball shorts, and I don't f***ing give a toss about what you prepubescent highschool teengaers think.I'm afraid you've completely missed on what running is all about, and you are nothing short of a disgrace to the sport.Stick your expensive trainers up your arses, and go and take up golf or something...Wow, you're really fast.  I'm sorry that I'm a disgrace to the sport.  I was merely explaining that the super-elite like yourself typically wouldn't wear a fanny pack during a 5k race.Well, I can't decide wether you're a sarcastic moron, or just a plain idiot, but here goes: no I'm not really fast, I'm pretty much average... no point rubbing it in and calling me 'super elite'.However, whoever was taking the mickey out of the poor guy for asking about wearing a fanny pack is a snotty arse. What in god's name does it matter what you wear (or how fast you are for that matter) provided it works for you...Same with those guys going on about speedos... get a life... they're clothes, you wear them. End of story.I had a farmer friend who used to do all his training in wellies... 'managed a 1H14 half-marathon aged 45. I have another friend who goes mountain climbing in his wellies... and why not? Keeps his feet dry...I did a triathlon this week-end; there was a guy there that had a massive sticker on his car that advertised his name: 'Jason Sawyer, ultra triathlete'. He had all the latest gear and a 2,000 mountain bike. I had holes in my shoes and my bike cost me 300... but I still finished in front of him. Point is, it's not how you look.Would I wear a fanny pack in a 5K race? no. Would it bother me if someone did? not a bit. Jason Rexing always wears a fanny pack when he races so that he can carry home abandoned babies and small animals that he finds along the way. Fanny packs and even backpacks are wholly insufficient.  I'm telling you a support team (with a car) is the only want to go.  Trust me, I've tried both methods and the latter was much more effective.  Why do you think they had support cars in the Tour de France?  I mean, DUH! Wow! Actual rules about fanny packs, and they make me an elite. Now, I have to take off the pack, since I won't be draggin' the extra weight, the Kenyans better look out! Now if I could only get rid of the vision of the guy in the marathon in Speedos (I saw one once), I'll be back into the mentally acceptable range.Oh, and I thought you wore "cleats" for soccer (football - for those who do fell races and are too highfalutin' to wear "bum packs") and spikes for track races. i ran 2:28 at nyc 99' in a wetsuit and high heels. even i know that a fanny pack would have looked ridiculous ! Erko,I'm not a sarcastic moron or a plain idiot.  The original poster was obviously joking, he was not asking a serious question.  I merely adopted his tone to continue the mockery.  I don't care if you run a 2:10 marathon in boxer shorts.  He was joking.  I continued the joke.  Relax. Yes, you do wear spikes, not cleats for track races, and they don't run the 440 anymore either.  I'm absolutely amazed that people took any of this thread seriously... got back onto it kinda late but...remember, if it's a skank, double bag that shit.  at least.  102 condoms may not be enough.  use the GPS you've also stored in the fanny pack to find where the hell you should stick it.  this is where a few GUs could come in handy... Who could run a faster 2 mile while wearing a fanny pack, Ritz or Webb? I felt kind of soft even clicking on this thread, but wow, very enjoyable!I have run some decent times over the years, but once, while returning from a long lay-off, a guy beat me who was juggling the whole way.  Another time a girl beat me who was running in bib overalls.  You gotta start somewhere, Packin Heat, and you shouldn't feel ashamed or embarrassed wherever you begin.  It can be a very humbling sport, but very rewarding, too.  Follow your heart and don't let anyone stop you from reaching your goals. After getting the course map on mapquest.com, you should print them out and have them laminated then head to your nearest Rocky Mountain Outfitters and get ahold of some crampons and ice axes. What are crampons?  Can they be carried in a fanny pack? Crampons are metal plates with spikes on the bottom for climbing mountains like Mt Everest.  They can easily fit in your pack.  I advise bringing them with you on your 5k trek.  One time a local 5k race took me out of the city to a glacier.  Well I forgot my crampons so I couldn't get up the ice.  I packed everything else though.  I pitched my tent and set up the stove.  I almost deplited my supply of condoms to make a lasso.  I roped a eagle and cooked it up along with a rabbit that I stuffed in my pack at about the 2k mark.  I used empty 7 empty gatorade bottles to hold my urning.  The 26 remaing empty bottles I packed with snow, melted it over the stove, made a small pond, and went for a swim in my new speedo.  Just then I saw a sherpa walking not to far from my location.  I used my flare gun to get his attention.  I had to show him ID. I used my credit card to by crampons, cash for some shirts he had on sale, and I wrote a check for an extra cell phone.  My original was lost in my rectum (damn you bystandard).  After I got my crampons I was able to pack up camp and finish the race.  So yes, everyone should use a pack for a 5k, just in case.  If I didn't have my pack I don't know if I could have survied.  I could have just walked the 2 miles back though. Surprise! wrote:Erko,I'm not a sarcastic moron or a plain idiot.  The original poster was obviously joking, he was not asking a serious question.  I merely adopted his tone to continue the mockery.  I don't care if you run a 2:10 marathon in boxer shorts.  He was joking.  I continued the joke.  Relax.Sadly, I do not believe he was joking. My answers were not directed at you personally, but generally at all those posters who are being snotty about the fanny pack thing...You guys probably shave your legs and chest, wear the latest kit, and take it up the ar$e whenever you get a chance. Fuc&in' bunch of pufsters! Erko wrote:[quote]Surprise! wrote:...You guys probably shave your legs and chest, wear the latest kit, and take it up the ar$e whenever you get a chance. Fuc&in' bunch of pufsters!Hello,There is no need to be a homophobic jerk to make your point. Well, it might be offensive, but at least it's in your face. In my defense, I'm not making any sarcastic remarks to a poor bugger about to run his first race and in need of some advice. Erko - Packin' Heat was KIDDING!!!  Look in your fanny pack for your sense of humor. well, for someone who was kidding, he has kept awful quiet since you bunch of asswipes have been making sarcastic comment.Also, regardless of wether he was or not, this would not change your attitude towards a guy wearing a fanny pack. I thought he was serious too. It's seems allright, on this forum, to be snotty 'bout someone wearing a fanny pack, but not towards someone taking it up the arse??? Do you think a fanny pack will make my hips look too large?What color fanny pack is best for a 5K?How bout a mile race? pufter wrote:Do you think a fanny pack will make my hips look too large?What color fanny pack is best for a 5K?How bout a mile race?Na mate, what you want is a handbag. Or a purse... or whatever you pufters call them in the States. pufter wrote:Do you think a fanny pack will make my hips look too large?What color fanny pack is best for a 5K?How bout a mile race?You want to coordinate your fanny pack with the secondary color of your singlet.  Shoes make the man baby, shoes make the man. Moral fiber makes the man... Are you supposed to wear a fanny pack in the front or back when running? back No seriously now... do any of you pufters shave their legs or their chests? I'm wearing a fanny pack right now. Erko wrote:No seriously now... do any of you pufters shave their legs or their chests?Yup, I shave my legs, and I run in really expensive spikes.  That's why I'm so fast. it is true wrote:I'm wearing a fanny pack right now.hehehe. Man you crack me up... you're so funny! I never thought this thread would get close to 100 posts long.  I have given it some thought as well and say, if you want to wear a fanny pack, go for it.  Who am I or anyone else to say different.  I don't, but that is me. I suspect the more you run, the better you get, the less you will feel a need to wear one. If this thread gets any longer, we won't be able to cram it into our fanny pack!!  Quick, stop posting!! Can you hook us up with a web cam feed?it is true wrote:I'm wearing a fanny pack right now. A nylon climbing rope tied to several runners is an excellent way to save yourself should you fall into a crevasse or sewer hole. Use the ice axes to climb back out. Also, bring along your Boy Scout Manual, it has several handy tips about the use of triangle bandages should you need one for a sprained ankle or other life-threatening injury. Your ass (arse) looks big because you're fat! In the states they're still purses or handbags. And the pufters are usually referred to by your term for cigarettes. By the way, do you wear nylon tricot shorts to display your equipment when you get sweaty? Also, do you prefer short shorts or longer? Split or notch sides? What color(s)? I like pastels. Make sure you shave all your hair both on your head and in your pubic area.  This will save the precious added weight of the fanny pack. I'm running a relay tomorrow (five people on my team, we each run 1k) and I'm going out right now and get us matching fanny packs. I had no idea we would need all that stuff. Thanks, everyone.(PS: Do you really need flares for a daytime race?) newbie wrote:I'm running a relay tomorrow (five people on my team, we each run 1k) and I'm going out right now and get us matching fanny packs. I had no idea we would need all that stuff. Thanks, everyone.(PS: Do you really need flares for a daytime race?)If you're in super shape, by that I mean you can run for at least two miles without stopping, you won't need the flares.  However, if you haven't properly trained for the event, bring the flares.  You never know when you'll have to alert your fellow competitors to the obstacle in the road that is your crumpled body. 100! Packin Heat wrote:I am thinkin about doin a 5k soon.  Is is ok to wear a fanny pack to carry my stuff in?I think I will need it to carry my: gue, napkins, hard candy, id, change for an emergency, cell phone, a shirt to change into after the race and car keys.For one you do not need this stuff for a 5k.  Pin your car key in your shorts and just run.  Leave all that stuff in your car... Oh you must be another one of those super-elite types.. OkI admit that when I started running last October, I was 340 pounds and may have thought that I would need a camel pack or something. That being said I am now running 5 miles a day regularly, have lost over 120 of those pounds, and have no inkling of needing any sort of help. Just due the 5k without any of the other stuff. There is enough fluids and food waiting for you at the end. The only resone to have you cell phone on you is if you are running down some country road, and even then I most likely will not work!After all, we all make fun of those people who either have on fanny packs, headphones, or other unnecessary crap!However, it sounds like you are just stating, so congratulations, and keep it up! It has worked for mesize 48 to a size 35 in less then a year! XCGirl wrote:Packin Heat wrote:I am thinkin about doin a 5k soon.  Is is ok to wear a fanny pack to carry my stuff in?I think I will need it to carry my: gue, napkins, hard candy, id, change for an emergency, cell phone, a shirt to change into after the race and car keys.For one you do not need this stuff for a 5k.  Pin your car key in your shorts and just run.  Leave all that stuff in your car...You are very perceptive XCGirl. Ravencourt wrote: It has worked for mesize 48 to a size 35 in less then a year!congrats! you are awesome! I am cuz I didnt read all the posts.  Something happened to my computer so I only had the first page.  Gotta love using12 year old computers at work! :-P OK, I see the need for a fanny pack and flares. But you guys are kidding about the tent and stove right? Won't all that stuff just slow me down? (Our team is hoping to finish our 5k relay in under 40 minutes.) And does each team member need their own set of flares, or can we hand them off with the baton? The fanny pack is good, but what about wearing a sash, like what Miss America wears.  It could have pockets up front for your iPod, Cell, gels, and credit cards, the back would be a hydration system.  Not only would you be prepared but you would look like a superstar. of course you can't keep a fannypack on .You've got a defibrillator strapped to your packRavencourt wrote:OkI admit that when I started running last October, I was 340 pounds and may have thought that I would need a camel pack or something. That being said I am now running 5 miles a day regularly, have lost over 120 of those pounds, and have no inkling of needing any sort of help. Just due the 5k without any of the other stuff. There is enough fluids and food waiting for you at the end. The only resone to have you cell phone on you is if you are running down some country road, and even then I most likely will not work!After all, we all make fun of those people who either have on fanny packs, headphones, or other unnecessary crap!However, it sounds like you are just stating, so congratulations, and keep it up! It has worked for mesize 48 to a size 35 in less then a year! Personally, I preferred the car battery hocked directly into my heartlot less to carry and saved me during the winter when my jeep would not start! Ha!That being said, I feel great now! Hand off those flares! And keep one lit! It adds a degree of excitement to the pass and makes you more visible to the spectators. One lit 30-minute flare should easily last through the relay. Huh, Huh, he said anals. Why don't we all get matching neon pink runners hats, yellow fanny packs, and shorts up to our armpits. We'll all have a superb time! Hey, I used to have a fly neon pink running hat.  It was sweet. anyone who has ever run with a fanny pack on should wrap it around thier neck, tie it to a high tree branch, and jump off a clif it's only a 5k. If you stay hydrated before the race,f*** the fanny pack it only makes people look stupid. I resemble that remark..... packin heat, not only is it ok to wear a fanny pack, it's encouraged. you'll gain status as a real man's man. it's a little-known fact that bruce willis wore a fanny pack between takes on the set of "die hard", and if john mcclaine wears a fanny pack, you know it's totally bad-ass to wear one.when wearing one, don't take any crap from anyone or i will personally come to you house and kick you in the balls. not because i'll be pissed or anything, but because you'll have proved that you let people walk all over you and also because i like kicking people in the nuts.also, i'd wear a kidney belt. those fanny packs can get mighty heavy come the third k. Look.  I don't like excuses.  Either you wear the fanny pack or you don't.  Make up your mind. Bump. We need to bring some levity back to the board instead of the incesant bashing that nearly every thread has. I am planning to climb Everest this coming spring.  What type of fanny pack do you recommend and should I carry more or less stuff in than I would for a 5K? Funny this most of these posts were in July adn October and it's December. Wouldn't be wiser if you had a friend that is not racing hold your belongs while you race?Frankly ***finishing*** a 5k is difficult like standing in line for Disneyland's Pirates of the Caribbean for 1/2 hour. Silly people. I being educated, a long time runner, a 2H5 marathoner (unratified and probaby unnoticed) while wearing a fanny pack . . . "crampon" is a runner's excuse. To wit: "I had a crampon my calf and had to stop." "I had a crampon on my stomach and had to slow down." "I had a crampon my head when I decided to do this race." etc. Fanny Packs No... Hand Held Water Bottles Fine! Oh man, great thread, though I'm surprised that so many people took the bait.It reminds me of my post regarding walking breaks in an indoor 3,000 m, but this one got much funnier replies.At the store where I work, we recently good dozens of fanny packs in a variety of shapes.  I think the lamest, by far, has to be a double water-bottle holster.  There are also some small backpacks.WTF?  Are you going for a run or going to war? you want to know if fanny packs are dorky...f*** man, they are called "fanny packs"--draw your own conclusion Erko wrote:Stick your expensive trainers up your arses, and go and take up golf or something...I resent that!  My lawyer shall be contacting you shortly. I totally forgot how amazing this thread was. Geez  I was real glad I encountered this thread b/4 xmas.  I ran a 5K in Meadow Vista, CA just east of Auburn and fortunately I was pakin' crampons for the final climb.  without 'em I probably would not've won the event.But seriously I think you folks are leving out the most important item to pack in the fanny pack  carabiners and a good climbing rope, at least 100.' I will be running in the Resolution Run of J&J Sports, Auburn on New Years' Day and I may have to do some climbing during the last 3K.The course finishes on the last few miles of the Western States 100M.  I am considering making Robie Point my base camp for the final assault on those last 5K! time to revisit the greatest thread everi love morons, they make the rest of us seem so smart Andy who's the one that thought the guy was serious?  Wheen you read the thread it's obvious that he was not. Best thread ever..  How bout a race report on that 5K, Packin?  I've been losing sleep since July wondering if you went with the pack. WOW...this thread has to be the funniest ever...I too am very interested to know if the fanny pack was in use. I'm just going to pop to the corner shop, should I put trainers on or should I just go in my slippers? I never thought of a fanny pack.  I'm doing my first 5k road race tomorrow and this is something to think about. bump No one special wrote:bumpBest post of the day thus far... bmmmmbbbm Who's Fanny and why is she packing in a race?  Afraid of getting attacked?  Strange... Thanks for the "bump."  This is the funniest thread I've run into on this board -- I'm sitting here with tears running down my face, I'm laughing so hard.Packin' Heat, if you're still on this board, you're the greatest!  I love your deft moniker, your prose style, your light touch with satire. Long may you post!(One question, though, on your original post . . . what the heck were the napkins for??) let me guess,, you still broke 16 minutes....By far the funniest thing ive seen yet on this topic. Made my day Hahaha...page one is my favorite. Holy hell- To those of you that thought that Packin was serious, you most definetely need to get your heads out of your asses. Especially the Brit who got offended, what a Holy hell- To those of you that thought that Packin was serious, you most definetely need to get your heads out of your asses. Especially the Brit who got offended, what a bunch of women.My mother happens to weat a fanny pack and she looks ridiculous!!!!!! HAHAHAH Running Woman wrote:Thanks for the "bump."  This is the funniest thread I've run into on this board -- I'm sitting here with tears running down my face, I'm laughing so hard.Packin' Heat, if you're still on this board, you're the greatest!  I love your deft moniker, your prose style, your light touch with satire. Long may you post!(One question, though, on your original post . . . what the heck were the napkins for??)Hey thanks for all the help everyone. The running community here was so kind I just had to report on my 5k experience. It's taken me a year because I just got out of the hospital.The napkins were in case my sensitive little nipples bled, so I could dab the blood away and not stain my designer polo. But I didn't get that far. Before that could happen I encountered err  issues with my fanny pack. I didn't buy the fancy pack with steel cables in the belt. Very bad move, the belt stretched and about the 1k mark rotated around to the front and started slapping my nads around like some of the posters on this thread. I briefly thought about stopping but then I came to my senses realizing that none of you elite runners would let this stop you!So I soldiered on bravely. Well I had to much stuff in my pack and it packed my nads right up my arse. Talk about packin heat! At this point (2k) I became somewhat weak and the paramedics took me off the course. I couldn't understand this as I still figured I could do this. I thought - if I could just get into my pack and get to some GU I will be fine - but the pack was still bouncing wildly out of control. Turns out the paramedics saw my face turning blue and figured I couldn't breath, so they took me to the hospital. At the hospital my package was extracted from my bum and I began feel (or is it fell?) better, but they wouldn't let me go until I had a thorough psychiatric exam. This is where it got ugly.I pointed the shrink to this letsrun thread andwell it's been a year or so right?Anyway thanks again,Packin the above is obviously not the real Packin Heat.  PH we loved you. idiot finder wrote:the above is obviously not the real Packin Heat.  PH we loved you.Agreed.  Next time someone wants to pretend to be the real Packin Heat, they should make sure that they're funny first. bump I recently ran the Manchester Road race, at mile three a guy appeared in front of me wearing a back pack one of those smaller ones that fit in the upper back.Fans on the road side were yelling "he's got a bomb!"being that the guy was obviously of Arab descent it wasn't so funny, although it was.I tried to catch him but he kept speeding up,I ran the final .78 in 4:17 but he still finished a second ahead of me. My plan was that if I saw him reach for the pack i was going to take him down! Well thankfuly it all turned out good.In conclusion leave all back, fanny, or any othe kind of pack in the car, home, or park the only pack you need on race day is Gue or some other pack.Any other pack is a hazard! Run with the Wind wrote:Does anyone know where I can get a good fanny pack to run in?  A light running one?  Does Webb use one?I think this one might be my favorite. Bumping a classic. jorvack wrote:I like the leather ones because after the race the fanny pack works great at a classy restaurant like Chilli's.I thought this was golden. Thanks for the memories. I loved this thread. Can anyone find some of the Evel Knievel stuff? Army Ten Miler is this w/e and you ought to see the galowalkers complaining about the security restrictions and them not being able to carry their water belts....The Official ATM Message Board.....http://www.armytenmiler.com/Bu...1&Topic=93 bystandard wrote:your cell phone could easily fit in your rectumYou were right.And this is his phone: So my wife's little sister went on her first 5 mile run...with a fanny pack to carry a phone, gel, and napkins!  I couldn't help but discuss this thread with my wife.  Could be one of the best threads ever. Gotta keep a classic alive. I laughed about this one all last week when I saw it resurrected.  Hopefully someone else who hasn't seen it yet will appreciate it. if you are a slow, non competitive jogger, what's the difference. I used to lock everything in my trunk except my car key which I would tie into my shoelace and double knot it. I ran in the 30-31 range for 10ks, too, so I wasn't jogging. (another option is that little pocket inside alot of racing shorts where u can put a single key, too. need to go back wrote:if you are a slow, non competitive jogger, what's the difference. I used to lock everything in my trunk except my car key which I would tie into my shoelace and double knot it. I ran in the 30-31 range for 10ks, too, so I wasn't jogging. (another option is that little pocket inside alot of racing shorts where u can put a single key, too.That sounds good, but you're super-elite if you're running 30-31 minutes in a row without stopping.  I tried putting some flares in that little pocket inside of some shorts, but it just looked like I had a tremendous boner. Fanny pack material has evolved quite a bit since this thread began.  Last week I picked up the new ultra lightweight aerodynamic pack created by those same dudes who make bicyclists aerodynamic for time trials.I credit my recent 5k PR of 23:56 to this.  My previous best was 24:14.  I was cruisin along at an 8 minute clip when the air pocket on my brand new pair of $230 Nikes popped.  Any other runner would be doomed to not finish because running on a popped air cushion for such a long distance would surely have resulted in injury.  But my fanny pack saved the day!  I had an extra pair of shoes tucked neatly inside my aerodynamic super duper fanny pack, so I made a NASCAR-esque quick tire change, downed three packets of GU, and was on my way! Personally I think the guy should have had someone positioned at the half way point so he could switch out packs.  One fanny pack isn't enough for an entire 5K.  That's 5,000 meters! Like the racing in sub 50F thread, these responses are getting lamer and lamer. I guess imitation is the most sincere form of flattery. Penn Gwinn wrote:Fanny pack material has evolved quite a bit since this thread began.  Last week I picked up the new ultra lightweight aerodynamic pack created by those same dudes who make bicyclists aerodynamic for time trials.I credit my recent 5k PR of 23:56 to this.  My previous best was 24:14.  I was cruisin along at an 8 minute clip when the air pocket on my brand new pair of $230 Nikes popped.  Any other runner would be doomed to not finish because running on a popped air cushion for such a long distance would surely have resulted in injury.  But my fanny pack saved the day!  I had an extra pair of shoes tucked neatly inside my aerodynamic super duper fanny pack, so I made a NASCAR-esque quick tire change, downed three packets of GU, and was on my way!Serious, elite runners like me can sniff out sarcasm like yours, Penn Gwinn.  A real piece of valuable equipment is the Nike+ i-Pod shirt. Very true, you can't ever reproduce a classic like Packin's original thread.I think it was the perfect blend of blatant sarcasm with blind naivete that got me. Is a fanny pack worn from the front called a ball sack? Funny thread. Kudos to whoever suggested ditching the fanny pack and carrying one of these:http://bleex.me.berkeley.edu/bleex.htm bump In the UK, a ladies front bottom is referred to as a 'fanny'.Cue much schoolboy mirth whenever someone Stateside 'lands on their fanny'. Actually, that was close my first thought.  One of my running friends wore a fanny pack when he ran during his stint in Iraq, not for gel packs, but for his service revolver.  And yes, the fanny packs are government issue and are made from camouflage material.Moscow wrote:WTF?  Are you going for a run or going to war? This guy invented Letsrun trolling. Bow down. alltalk wrote:This guy invented Letsrun trolling. Bow down.Along with the power point threads and the threads by 45SWM who got kicked out of his running club, this is one of THE classic letsrun threads. CSU Runner wrote:alltalk wrote:This guy invented Letsrun trolling. Bow down.Along with the power point threads and the threads by 45SWM who got kicked out of his running club, this is one of THE classic letsrun threads.Greatest troll thread ever.  All current trolls should take note. Never noticed this thread before,probably been said a million times already but anyone whouses a fanny pack in a race or walks round the city after arace wearing their medal is a sad tourist.Sorry but it's one of the hard facts of life. I agree..this and the Abdi "Black Cactus" video on FLotrack make me bust out laughin thinking about them brojos should have a special section of the greatest letsrun threads ever...fanny packpowerpointoriginal rexingthe kid with the treadmill and pirate cat gun girletc. vandergraafgenerator wrote:Never noticed this thread before,probably been said a million times already but anyone whouses a fanny pack in a race or walks round the city after arace wearing their medal is a sad tourist.Sorry but it's one of the hard facts of life.The day after last month's NYCM, people were walking around Midtown wearing their medals! These weren't people in from Glen Ridge, NJ, either. Belgians and such!There's an old guy you see around the Reservoir with a wheeled Zimmer frame, and he wears his 1989 finisher medal every day. Well yes like I said, Sad tourists . For the old guy he's probably a nutter anyway. Avery courageos old nutter to be sure but all the same.Belgians area joke to the French you know, they're considered as pretty dumb.In fact if you've ever been to ffeance you've probably seen Belgian jokes.Stuff like " In the 1989 Brussels Greyhound Derby what was the name of the winning jockey" etc etc etc.In fact Belgians have abig problem because it's reall 3 races in one.French, Dutch and Germanic, there was a big outcry just lately because Miss Belgium only speaks French.Belgium is 70% Flamand or Dutcg but the French speaking Wallons have all the plumb jobs and the German speakers have all the money. The dutch speakers have all the slums and problems.No wonder they go about Manhattan with their medals. Anyone who is replying to this obviously didn't get the sarcasm, no one is that stupid...duhBlaze ~ This is the most hilarious thread ever... my stomach hurts from laughing so much... oh, wait, that was my fanny pack buckle causing the pain, not the laughter.... http://www.ultrunr.com/chafing-fannypack.html LOL - thanks for the helpful link, Early. Bless you for bumping this.  One of the best ever - right up there with Brandon.Speaking of which...http://www.falteisek.com/photo...cia&page=1Looks like Chris has some new pics of Brandon too!http://www.falteisek.com/photo...es/Brandon Boys & girls, this is an example of trolling at it's best.To the original poster: 10/10Well done, sir! Professor of Trolls wrote:Boys & girls, this is an example of trolling at it's best.To the original poster: 10/10Well done, sir!I think you are the one trolling here, by calling this a good troll. The original troll is actually an example of every obvious sign of an overdone troll, committed by someone who went far over the top. But you knew that.... troll. ha ha You meant wrote:Professor of Trolls wrote:Boys & girls, this is an example of trolling at it's best.To the original poster: 10/10Well done, sir!I think you are the one trolling here, by calling this a good troll. The original troll is actually an example of every obvious sign of an overdone troll, committed by someone who went far over the top. But you knew that.... troll.Good troll or not, this has got to be a top 10 thread of all time. This is the pack a lot of people who are faster than their dog use, but still want to get out for some exercise with their rotweiler.http://www.lovely.com.sg/blog/...ackmor.jpg This is a picture of a guy who runs in Speedo's - in fact, over 350 marathons in Speedos and if you look at the picture closely you'll even see the fur shoulder warmer Mad Mike is wearing.http://www.tomsheehan.co.nz/wp...-table.jpgIf it's OK to wear fur and speedo's for Marathons I think it must be almost a requirement to wear a fanny pack for a 5km, or even a two mile.MKer your the best Packin Heat wrote:I have to give it to you Packin Heat, this is one of the funnier posts I have seen.  I do have to say that you must have way too much time on your hands to think of something like that which will make nearly every single competetive runner get angry.  It is quite funny to read the replies from people who actually think you are serious.That is what put Packin Heat in the letsrun troll hall of fame.  10/10. what kind of route is the 5k race? perhaps stopping for a picnic of gu, shot blocs and jelly beans might be a nice distraction from the grueling pain of the trek? you are wearing a flask aren't you? they do come in rather handy along the way. scotch or gatorade and vodka? and the outfit... will you be sporting a coordinating ensemble? tights or track pants? go richard! Mr. Potato Head wrote:Who could run a faster 2 mile while wearing a fanny pack, Ritz or Webb?haha!webb should retire. oreos and cookies wrote:Mr. Potato Head wrote:Who could run a faster 2 mile while wearing a fanny pack, Ritz or Webb?haha!webb should retire.You are eating your words now!! Wouldn't a fanny pack crowd out your colostomy bag? Bump just in case you need some more humor...... Bump-a-roooooni. This is probably the lamest thread I have ever read on LetsRun. Seems like a bunch of RW readers have posted most of the replies. Giggling, humorless, witless dross. Bumpity bump bump.  Greatest thread ever..... Packin Heat, would you recommend running a marathon on a track with a fanny pack?  Obviously that's a lot of laps and things could happen. Packin Heat wrote:I am thinkin about doin a 5k soon.  Is is ok to wear a fanny pack to carry my stuff in?I think I will need it to carry my: gue, napkins, hard candy, id, change for an emergency, cell phone, a shirt to change into after the race and car keys.You will look dumb and hurt your time. rubio wrote:Assuming your not kidding:  You don't need GU and hard candy, etc.  Your body will not be depleted of glycogen in a short race such as a 5K.  Water and Gatorade on the course will work great for you.Nonsense.  If OP weighs over 400 pounds and will take over an hour to complete the 5K he may need GU. Packin Heat wrote:[/b. I am thinkin about doin a 5k soon.  Is is ok to wear a fanny pack to carry my stuff in?I think I will need it to carry my: gue, napkins, hard candy, id, change for an emergency, cell phone, a shirt to change into after the race and car keys.That's a lot of stuff for a 5k. A kid who ran for a school in the league I coach wore a camelbak for every race this year.True story. I am so glad I stumbled across this thread. One of the best laugh's ive had in a long time Too Good wrote:I am so glad I stumbled across this thread. One of the best laugh's ive had in a long timeOriginal troll. Packin Heat wrote:I am thinkin about doin a 5k soon.  Is is ok to wear a fanny pack to carry my stuff in?I think I will need it to carry my: gue, napkins, hard candy, id, change for an emergency, cell phone, a shirt to change into after the race and car keys.Don't forget the caffeine pills. I am thinkin about doin a 5k soon.  Is is ok to wear a fanny pack to carry my stuff in?I think I will need it to carry my: gue, napkins, hard candy, id, change for an emergency, cell phone, a shirt to change into after the race and car keys. let the abuse begin... I just want to be prepared.  I also want to make sure I have some water with me.  I have read about how important proper hydration is and have also read about races that do not have enough.  I thought I could put my water bottle in there as well.  Good idea? Don't forget the TP Assuming your not kidding:  You don't need GU and hard candy, etc.  Your body will not be depleted of glycogen in a short race such as a 5K.  Water and Gatorade on the course will work great for you. rubio wrote:Assuming your not kidding:  You don't need GU and hard candy, etc.  Your body will not be depleted of glycogen in a short race such as a 5K.  Water and Gatorade on the course will work great for you.Thanks.  Should I just clip my cell phone to my running shorts? wow. could be the dumbest post ever on letsrun. congrats. This was meant for the original postwow. could be the dumbest post ever on letsrun. congrats. obviously joking your cell phone could easily fit in your rectum i cant believe im going to dignify this with a response. but here goes: God have mercy upon your soul should you attach a fanny pack to you at any point during your warmup, race, or cool down for a 5k. if you have hydrated yourself well, theres absolutely no risk of dehydration in that short of a race unless its about 170 degrees outside. I find bananas particularly helpful on runs. Stick one down your pants and you should be set. speechless wrote:wow. could be the dumbest post ever on letsrun. congrats.Man, and they used to say MY posts were the dumbest. i think what everyone is trying to say, is that only weekend warriors wear fanny packs.  and given that this message board caters only to the elite, you should not ask a question such as this without expecting ridicule.  now let me add mine.  don't wear a fanny pack!  you'll look like a tool.  plus, weekend warriors (with all due respect) do just as i do when i go on vacation--overpack.  you don't need all that shit.  you don't need an ID.  your number has your info on it, and you can even fill in the "in case of emergency" section on the back in case you die.  as for the cell phone, i'm sure you're mom's not waiting by the phone for your race results (even if you go sub-15).  car key goes either under your car somewhere, tied to your shoe, or in that little pocket on your shorts.  your shirt to change in will be given to you after you finish, along with a bunch of other shit you don't need.now that i think about it, this better be a joke.  or maybe the joke's on me for responding. Wow!  I did not know that wearing a fanny pack was not a good idea.  I just saw people with them and thought since other wore them I should as well.  I will put my key on a shoelace, I can't put it in that little pocket on my shorts since I run in my swimming shorts and they do not have a pocket. I recommend that you only were your fanny pack to the club, when you go dancing.  Chicks dig a guy with a neon colored fanny pack.  The bigger the better.  Maybe you could get one like the ultra runners use that has space for a water bottle on each side so you can hydrate on the dance floor. I have to give it to you Packin Heat, this is one of the funnier posts I have seen.  I do have to say that you must have way too much time on your hands to think of something like that which will make nearly every single competetive runner get angry.  It is quite funny to read the replies from people who actually think you are serious. I did not mean to get everyone upset over the fanny pack.  I bought a "racing pack" from Target.  It is basicaly a fanny pack with a logo of a runner on it.  Inside it has little sections for all the stuff you would need on a long run/race like a 5k.  So I will not wear it at the race.  Although now I am wondering if I should stop wearing it on my training runs around the neighborhood.Is it ok to wear it on my training runs?  I do NOT want to look dorky. and you are hopping up and down like a freaking Momma kangaroo looking for her little Joey then ditch the fanny pack. What could you possible need during a 5K race that can't wait until your finished? I could see it if you had to carry medication or you were trying to cover your enormously fat ass.  If that's the case do society a favor and write, "WIDE LOAD", on the back of it so you don't take out a school bus full of children or a Hyundai.I personally never wear a fanny pack because I like to show off my really tight ass off to the females. I appreciate it when females do the same for me.  It's a great topic of conversation to discuss over party favors at your next gathering.... try it! I say wear the pack.  You can carry all the stuff you need.  Very helpful  I use them and no one has ever said anything. 